- [Instructor] In software development,
many times the best choice when writing code
is to not write the code at all.
We are constantly standing on the shoulders of others
to advance our own application.
Don't reinvent the wheel for crying out loud.
An example of this is how explorecali
initializes the in-memory database.
It instantiates and saves all the tour packages
in explorecali application.
Then it opens a .JSON file
and marshals each entry into a Tour object.
And then saves the Tour package.
This was done in order to demonstrate the
Spring Data repository save and find methods.
But there was a better way.
Thanks to Spring Data repository initialization.
Let's go to the resources folder
and schema.sql.
This is a file that has SQL commands in it.
And it will create the schema.
In other words,
it will actually create the database tables.
And then data.sql.
This is where we insert rows into those tables.
And then in application properties,
we set spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl
- auto equal to none.
So with those three settings,
Spring Data repository initialization
will initialize all of our tours and tour packages.
So because of that,
we can go ahead and delete some code.
First of all, let's go to our ExplorecaliApplication.
We no longer need this code
within the run method.
We don't need this TourFromFile private class.
And so we don't need the run method at all.
And because of that,
we don't even need to implement CommandLineRunner.
or Autowire these services.
we can actually delete these services.
We can delete TourService.
And we can delete TourPackageService.
And we can delete the JSON file.
There's something in here that's complaining.
Let's build it and see if we've got any other bugs
we need to take care of.
Ah, so we have a static import when we can remove as well.
Ah, now the compiler's happy.
Now to make this work.
There is one thing we do need to add.
So you see that there is this enum region.
And we have the Central_Coast
which maps to a string Central space Coast.
As well as Southern_California,
which maps to Southern space California string.
And region is a VARCHAR of 20.
So I need to have a converter class
that when the import of the data from the data.sql
is read,
we need to convert that string,
Central space Coast
Into the proper Region enum.
So within the domain folder,
I'll create a new class.
Let's call it RegionConverter.
So RegionConverter implements
AttributeConverter.
And we're going to convert a Region enum
to a string.
And now that we've implemented that
we need to implement the methods.
So we need to convert to database column from a Region
and we need to convert to entity attribute from a string.
So let's implement that code.
So passed in a Region.
So you want to return region.getLabel
And we're passed in a string.
We want to say
Region
findByLabel and passing in the string.
And then lastly,
we need to
have a
annotation.
So now whenever I run the application,
the Spring Data will run the schema.sql,
import the data.sql,
and automatically convert the strings
to the enum.
So let's rebuild it to make sure everything is just right.
Build successfully and now let's run it.
So Tomcat started successfully.
Did the mapping.
And let's go to Tomcat
and make sure we can still see the tours.
And we call a GET of all the packages
and we see all the tour packages.
And send it again.
And we got all the tours.
So it still works.